Jesus, Jesus.
Martha, I did not expect to see you here.
Where's Mary?
They told me that you were coming, and I just could not wait.
Martha, may you have peace, and make you hope a comfort your morning heart.
Martha, we are all deeply saddened of the death of your brother, our friend Lazarus.
Thank you, Philip.
I thank all of you.
Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died.
Yet, even now I know that whatever you ask God for, God will give you.
Your brother will rise. Lazarus will live again.
I know that my brother will rise.
I know that there won't be a resurrection on the last day.
I am the resurrection and the life.
The one who exercises faith in me, even though he dies, will come to life.
Do you believe this?
Yes, Lord.
I have believed that you are the Christ, the Son of God, the one coming into the world.
Martha, my sister, my father in heaven will bless you for your faith.
Where is Mary?
I will get her.
Lord, Mary is here.
There isn't any here.
My brother would not have died.
Where have you laid him?
Lord, come and see.
Lazarus was dead four days.
His body had been carefully prepared for burial according to Jewish custom.
It was not embalmed as the Egyptians were, so his body had already begun to decay.
Still, Martha and Mary had faith in Jesus' power.
They knew beyond a doubt that Jesus was the Messiah.
So they took Jesus to the cave where Lazarus had been laid.
A large stone was lying against the entrance to the cave.
Please be quiet.
Let us listen to what the Lord Jesus is about to say.
Take the stone away.
Lord, I know he must smell.
For it has been four days.
Did I not tell you that if you would believe you would see the glory of God?
Father, I thank you that you have heard me.
True, I knew that you always hear me,
but I spoke on account of the crowd standing around,
so that they may believe that you sent me.
Lazarus, come out.
Free him and let him go.